npm-ci: add page (#14767)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/npm-ci.md

# npm ci

> > Clean install of `npm` project dependencies to be used in automated environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Clean install of `npm` project dependencies for automated environments.
```

> Installs packages based on `package-lock.json` or `npm-shrinkwrap.json`.
> More information: <https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/commands/npm-ci>.

- Install project dependencies from `package-lock.json` or `npm-shrinkwrap.json`:

`npm ci`

> - Install project dependencies without the specified dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install project dependencies but skip the specified packages:
```

`npm ci --omit={{dev|optional|peer}}`

> - Install project dependencies without running any pre- or post-scripts defined in `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install project dependencies without running any pre-/post-scripts defined in `package.json`:
```
